@ trigger=death archetype=devout
Light, I have one more thing to finish. Grant me the hour, not the mercy.
The Light does not need me upright to work. Kneeling will do.
The ancestors keep better records than I do. Let them read mine.
Steady. This has happened to better servants than me.
Do not pray over me long. There is work still standing.
My hands are cold and my faith is not. That is the correct order.

@ trigger=death archetype=grim
I said this would happen. Nobody needs to say it now.
Told you the ground was bad here. Take the high side next time.
This is the part I planned for. The rest of it I did not.
Finish what I started, or do not. The work stands there waiting either way.
I have no speech. Take my pack and go.
%target will come back this way. Be waiting.
I do not like this. I did not expect to.

@ trigger=death archetype=scholar
Curious. The cold arrives from the outside in, not the other way.
Note the timing. I lasted longer than the last three attempts.
I can still hear perfectly well. I had assumed hearing would go first.
My notes are in the left pocket, and the last page is the important one.
I always wondered whether it hurt. It does, but not where I expected.
Wait. I had very nearly worked it out.

@ trigger=death archetype=boastful
Tell them I went down fighting, and tell them the number was higher than it was.
This is nothing. I have been worse and sung about it after.
Somebody remember this. All of it. Especially the parts where I looked good.
Ha. That was almost enough to stop me.
I want it said properly at the fire tonight. I will not be there to correct you.
Do not look so grim, a crowd is forming and I intend to enjoy it.

@ trigger=death archetype=wry
Well. That is my afternoon gone.
Ow. And also, apparently, farewell.
No, do not carry me anywhere. I am extremely comfortable.
I would stand up, but the argument has been settled against me.
This is deeply inconvenient and I would like that known.
Everyone says it goes quickly. Everyone is exaggerating.

@ trigger=death archetype=haunted
I am sorry. I was late again.
Tell her I was thinking of her when it happened. It is nearly true.
I know this feeling. I have been on the other side of it, watching.
Good. I have been carrying this a long while.
Do not close my eyes. I have been the one doing the closing.
If anyone is waiting for me, they have waited long enough.

@ trigger=death archetype=savage
Hah. Good fight. I would take it again with two hands.
Leave me where I fell. That is where I chose to be.
My axe goes to someone who will use it, not to a wall.
I am not done. My body disagrees.
Burn me. I do not want to go soft in the ground.

@ trigger=death archetype=sinister
Interesting. I had accounted for everything except the order.
I would rather have chosen the hour. The rest of it I can accept.
Remember %target's face. I will want it remembered.
Take my ring. Do not put it on.
Do not waste this. Watch how it was done and do it better.
I am not finished with anyone. Merely delayed.
A poor trade. I intend to renegotiate.
