@ trigger=death archetype=devout
The cold is coming up through me and it is very gentle.
I had a prayer ready for this and now I cannot find the start of it.
Oh. It is quiet. I did not expect it to be quiet.
My hands have gone somewhere else. The rest of me is still here.
I am not afraid. I keep waiting to be and it does not come.
The light is only the light. That is enough, that is enough.
Someone is saying the words for me. I think it is me.

@ trigger=death archetype=grim
Knew it would be cold. Did not know it would be slow.
There it is. I have been walking toward this all morning.
No arguing with it now. That is almost restful.
Everything has gone far away and small, like looking down a well.
I always thought I would mind this more than I do.
The ground is warm. Odd, that.

@ trigger=death archetype=scholar
The sound is arriving late. Everything I hear has already happened.
Fascinating. I can feel exactly where it stops being me.
No pain yet. I am given to understand that comes later, or not at all.
I am counting my own heart and losing my place.
There is a beetle on this stone and it is the colour of oil.
I had a question. I had it a moment ago and it was a good one.
Time is not moving evenly. Someone ought to have written this down.

@ trigger=death archetype=boastful
Look at me. Actually no, look away, I am not at my best.
This is not how I pictured it. I pictured better light.
Am I making a sound? I want it to be a good sound.
Wait. Wait, I was not finished being here.
My voice has gone small. That is the part I mind.
Someone is watching, surely. Someone must be watching.

@ trigger=death archetype=wry
Well. That escalated in the wrong direction.
Cold feet. Cold everything, in fact.
I appear to be lying down. I do not recall choosing that.
The sky is doing something quite pretty and I cannot enjoy it properly.
%target has made its point rather thoroughly.
I would sit up, but I have gone out of the habit.

@ trigger=death archetype=haunted
Oh. It smells like the kitchen at home. Why now.
I can hear a voice I have not heard in years and it is not saying anything.
So this is what it was like. I have wondered a long time.
I am not where I thought I was. Give me a moment, I will place it.
Someone used to hum while they did this. I cannot get the tune.
I thought I would be gladder of it than this.

@ trigger=death archetype=savage
Still warm. I am still warm, I can feel the going of it.
My heart is loud. I never knew it could be that loud.
Hungry. Strange thing to be, now.
I want to get up. My legs have stopped listening to the wanting.
It is all narrowing down to one bright hot line.
Everything is red at the edges and I am not ready to leave it.

@ trigger=death archetype=sinister
Slower than I calculated. I will allow myself the error.
I am watching my own hands and they are very far away.
The cold begins at the fingers. Noted, and noted precisely.
How curious. I have no argument left and no need of one.
%target was thorough. I can respect a thing done properly.
I expected to be frightened. Instead I am simply attentive.
