@ trigger=death archetype=devout
The Light does not pause for me. Tomorrow someone else will kneel where I knelt.
There is a prayer said at dusk in my order, and tonight it will be said without my voice in it.
The sick will still need tending in the morning. Someone will be found.
I never finished learning the longer blessing, and nobody knew I was trying.
The work was never mine. I carried a small part of it a short way.
Light keep the ones I never reached. There were a great many of them.
My name will fall out of the roll of the order within a season, and that is proper.

@ trigger=death archetype=grim
The road goes on past this spot. It always did.
I knew how this ended. I did not expect the world to look so unbothered by it.
The war does not notice one fewer of us. It never has.
Someone will come this way tomorrow and step over this ground without slowing.
There was never a version of this where the fighting stopped when I did.
I am a small hole in a long line, and it will close before dark.
%target will not remember this by evening. Nothing will.

@ trigger=death archetype=scholar
I had three pages left to write. Somebody will find them and not know what they were for.
My notes are ordered by date, which will mean nothing to whoever opens them.
Curious. The question outlives the one who was chasing it.
Half my measurements were never copied out. That work will simply be done again in fifty years.
I will be a footnote with the wrong date on it, if I am anything.
There is a shelf that will stay unfinished. Shelves are patient.

@ trigger=death archetype=boastful
Tell it however you like. The story will be wrong within a week and better for it.
I always assumed there would be a crowd for this part.
They will remember the songs and not the singer. I suppose that is still something.
Somewhere a tavern is full and not one man in it has looked up.
My name will get shorter every time it is repeated, until it is just some fellow.
I meant to do something worth a statue. The quarry will go on cutting stone for other men.

@ trigger=death archetype=wry
Well. The day will go on being a perfectly ordinary day.
I had plans for this afternoon. The afternoon will manage.
Nothing has stopped. I find that slightly rude.
I owe a man two silver. He will wonder about me for a year and then forget.
Somewhere bread is going into an oven and will come out exactly on time.
Big world. Very short interruption.

@ trigger=death archetype=haunted
There was someone I looked for in every crowd. The crowds will go on being crowds.
Someone is still waiting for me, and will keep waiting a long while yet.
I carried a stone in my pocket for years and no one ever asked about it. No one ever will.
The empty chair stays empty. Now there are two of them.
I always thought I would be the one left standing at the end. Someone else gets that.
Every year on a certain day I stopped walking for a moment. That day comes round again with nobody stopping.

@ trigger=death archetype=savage
The fight goes on without me in it. That is the part I cannot stand.
Someone else gets the rest of this. Let them earn it.
There will be better fighting tomorrow and I will not be in any of it.
I wanted more of it. There is always more of it, and it never wanted me.
Ha. The world does not even slow down to chew.
My blood is on this ground and the grass will not remember by spring.

@ trigger=death archetype=sinister
The arrangement does not require me. I made certain of that long ago.
Wheels turn whether or not a hand is on them. Mine were turning before today.
There is a thing in motion that will not notice my absence for some time.
%target has changed nothing. The shape of it was set before either of us arrived.
I will be a rumour by winter, and rumours do useful work.
Somewhere a door I opened is still open, and no one has thought to look.
