@ trigger=death archetype=devout
Take my prayer book to the chapel and leave it open at the marked page.
There is a tithe owed out of my purse. Count that out before anything else is spent.
Say nothing to the children about how it went. Only that the work is covered.
My bandages are clean and there are six of them. Someone will need them before dusk.
Lay me facing east and do not mark the spot. The Light knows where I am.
Tell the sisters the north road is unsafe from the mile stone onward.

@ trigger=death archetype=grim
My pack is behind the rock and the rations in it are still good. Take them.
I left the route marked in chalk. Follow the marks and do not improvise.
Burn me if there is time. If there is not, weigh me down and move on.
Whatever comes up that slope next, it comes in from the left. Watch the left.
Nobody needs a body carried home. Tell them the ground here was quiet.
The coin in my boot pays the man at the ferry. He will not ask you questions.
I owed nothing and nobody owes me. Do not go looking to settle anything.

@ trigger=death archetype=scholar
My notes are in the oilskin. The last three pages matter and the rest do not.
Write down the hour. Someone will want to know how long it took.
The measurements in my satchel are correct. Do not let anyone redo them from memory.
Take the ledger to the archive and tell them the third column was wrong.
Do not open the small sealed jar. Bury it as it is, still sealed.
I was wrong about the depth of the shaft. Correct the map before anyone goes down.
My instruments go to whoever can read them and to nobody who cannot.

@ trigger=death archetype=boastful
Tell it properly. Say I went forward, and say it where my brother can hear.
The blade goes to the strongest arm in the company, and they all know whose that is.
Have the story written down before strangers start improving it.
My horse answers a whistle, two notes, high then low. Whoever takes her, learn it.
Send word to the innkeeper that my tab stands and the tale was worth it.
Do not bury my armour with me. Hang it somewhere it can be admired.

@ trigger=death archetype=wry
The debt I owe the quartermaster is now entirely his problem.
My boots are better than yours and I will not be needing them.
Someone should tell my landlord, though do take your time about it.
There is a shovel in my pack, which in hindsight was optimistic.
Do not let my sister handle the arrangements. She will make it a whole occasion.
Whatever you do with me, do not stand me up for a portrait.

@ trigger=death archetype=haunted
There is a locket in my collar. It goes in the ground with me, not into a pocket.
If a woman comes asking after me, tell her I was heading back. That is all of it.
The second name on my letter, do not write to that one. She has had enough of these.
Do not send my things home. Give them to strangers who need them.
I kept a bundle of letters under the floor of the old house. Burn them unread.
Put me anywhere but beside the water. I will not lie near water.

@ trigger=death archetype=savage
Leave me where I fell. That was the bargain I made with this ground.
My axe goes to whoever swings it next, not onto a wall.
The blood debt here is paid. Nobody hunts anything on my account.
Feed my dogs first, then argue about the rest of it.
Put a weapon in my hands before you cover me. Any weapon will do.
%target fought clean enough. Let it be.

@ trigger=death archetype=sinister
The small key is sewn into my belt. Whoever finds it should ask no one about it.
There is a name on a paper in my coat. Deliver it, and stay to watch nothing happen.
Certain arrangements of mine continue without me. Do not interfere with them.
Tell the one who hired me that the work was finished. He will not check.
Two things are buried under the third stone. Take one and leave the other.
Search me, take the purse, leave the ring. The ring is spoken for.
