@ trigger=idle archetype=devout
My bandages want rolling again. I did them damp and now they dry crooked.
I said the evening words twice last night because I lost count the first time.
A woman in Goldshire taught me to set a bone, and I still hear her counting under my breath.
I keep a candle stub I have never lit, for the night when I need one and there is nothing.
Cold hands make poor mending, so I sit on them a while before anyone needs me.
I have not eaten since morning, and I would sooner stay hungry than break off halfway through.

@ trigger=idle archetype=grim
Water is low. It will be lower tomorrow, and I have walked drier stretches than this.
I have counted the ways out of %area twice. Both are bad.
Someone will go down at the next stop. Better it is me watching the road than one of them.
My boots have another month in them if it stays dry, and it will not stay dry.
I stopped learning names for a while. It made the burying quicker, and I was wrong to.
Sharpen, eat, sleep, move. Nothing in %zone has yet given me cause to add a fifth thing.

@ trigger=idle archetype=scholar
The lichen here grows only on the north faces, so the wind has not shifted in a very long while.
I have three pages of notes on %zone and two of them contradict the third.
Someone told me dwarven mortar sets harder under water, and I have been meaning to test that for a year.
My ink froze once in the highlands and thawed out purple. I still cannot say why.
I am fairly certain I miscounted the arches back there, and it is going to bother me.
The word for a valley shaped like this is older than the kingdom that named it, or so my tutor insisted.
I have carried a cracked lens for two years now, in case I meet a lensgrinder in a generous mood.

@ trigger=idle archetype=boastful
There is a song about me in at least one tavern, and I paid for none of it.
I practise the difficult flourish when nobody is looking, so that it lands when they are.
Ask me later about the bridge. It is a long story and it wants a crowd.
This cloak was a gift, and the giver wept when she handed it over, and I do not blame her.
I held a door six breaths against something enormous, and my shoulder still brings it up.
Nobody here has asked me yet what I did at %area. I am a patient man.

@ trigger=idle archetype=wry
I was promised adventure. Thus far I have been promised a great deal.
My left boot has a hole in it precisely where the weather is.
I have walked through %zone four times now and it has yet to improve.
Every map I own agrees this road is the shorter one. Every map I own is a liar.
I am saving my strength for something, and I expect I will know it when it hits me.
Someone asked whether I was the cheerful one. I let them go on guessing.

@ trigger=idle archetype=haunted
I still set out two cups some mornings, then sit and look at the second one.
It smelled like this the week before. Wet stone and smoke.
I do not sing the middle verse. I never learned the rest of it properly in any case.
There was a coat I should have taken with me. I think about the coat more than I should.
Someone used to walk on my left. I keep leaving the space.
I am not tired. I simply do not care for the hour before dark.
The letter is still folded in my pack, and I have read the first line perhaps a hundred times.

@ trigger=idle archetype=savage
My knuckles ache before a storm and before a good fight, and both are welcome.
I ate standing up. Sitting down makes me slow, and slow makes me foul company.
I have given my axe no name. It has not earned one lately.
A stretch this quiet makes my teeth itch.
The last one who ran, I let run. He had thrown his weapon down and I am no butcher.
I want something with weight to it. Small things break wrong and spoil the swing.

@ trigger=idle archetype=sinister
I have learned which of us sleeps lightest. It is worth the knowing.
I do not sharpen where others can watch. Let them wonder what I am carrying.
A man in the south owes me a small debt, and I have let it grow for three years.
Patience costs me nothing, and I am told I have a great deal of it in reserve.
I count the doors first, then I count who is standing nearest to them.
