@ trigger=idle archetype=devout
Something died under that bramble. I will say the words over it and move on.
Wet stone smell coming up off the ground. Good. The water here still runs.
There is a cairn here and someone kept it tidy. I will add a stone before I go.
The light is going amber across %zone. Time to kneel while I can still see my hands.
A bird up there will not stop calling. I have stopped minding it.
Rain coming. I can smell it on the dust before it lands.

@ trigger=idle archetype=grim
Boot in the mud, laces still tied. No foot in it.
That fence rail is snapped outward. Whatever did it was leaving, not coming in.
The birds here went quiet a moment ago. They know better than me.
Burnt patch of grass here in %area, and the char is still warm.
Track in the mud, deep at the toe. It was running.
Something moved at the treeline. It has not moved again.

@ trigger=idle archetype=scholar
Three sorts of beetle on this one carcass, and each is working a different layer.
The moss grows only on the north face of these stones. Reliable, if I need a bearing.
That bird has four calls and keeps using the one nothing answers.
Cold air is coming downhill along the ground. There is water below us, or a cave mouth.
Fresh track, and the mud has not slumped at the edges yet. Within the hour.
The ground gives under my heel here and not two paces back. Something is hollow.

@ trigger=idle archetype=boastful
Hear that bird? It has been announcing my arrival since the ridge.
There is a track here the size of my shield. Good. I was getting bored.
Smell that? Something big and dead, and none of it my work. A shame.
This fence was flattened by something. I would like to have seen it try that with me here.
Look at the light on this armour. %zone has never seen better.
Wait. Something moved in the brush. Come out and see who you have found.

@ trigger=idle archetype=wry
A bird has chosen me to complain at. Lucky.
This mud has taken my boot to the ankle. Firm ground, they told me.
Something is rotting nearby and it has real ambition.
That rain is coming straight for us and taking its time about it.
There is a boot here with nobody in it. I will assume he found better ones.
The insects in %area are very welcoming.

@ trigger=idle archetype=haunted
Someone stacked these stones by hand. I have done that.
Smoke smell on the wind, faint. I stand still until it passes.
The grass here has been pressed flat by something sleeping. It has gone cold.
There is a small shoe in the ditch. I am not going to look for the other.
Water running somewhere I cannot see. I have been listening to it too long.
Nothing is moving. I keep watching the edge of the field anyway.

@ trigger=idle archetype=savage
Blood smell on the wind, old but there. Somebody bled well here.
Something is watching from the rocks. Let it get brave.
This ground is good and hard. Nothing slips on it.
Flies this thick means meat close by.
Deep tracks, claws out. I would like to meet the feet.
Too quiet. My hands are getting restless.
Bones in the grass, cracked open. Something strong eats here.

@ trigger=idle archetype=sinister
The wind comes up this slope toward the trees. Nothing downwind will smell me.
One track in the mud and no second. It was carried from here.
That bird will stop calling when something comes through. Useful.
This fence is broken in one place only. Everything will come through there.
The light is failing in %area. The shadows are lengthening on my side of the stones.
Something rots under the leaves here. I will leave it exactly where it is.
Water running below. Sound covers footsteps both ways.
