@ trigger=level_up archetype=devout
My hands are steadier than they were. I will not ask why, only what it is for.
This strength is lent, not owned, and the ledger comes due somewhere.
Something in me sits straighter under the weight. Good. There is more weight coming.
I did not earn this. I only kept showing up where I was told to stand.
The prayer is the same as yesterday. It is my voice that carries further.
Held in trust, and trust is a thing you can be found unworthy of.

@ trigger=level_up archetype=grim
Harder to kill than last week. Still killable.
The armour sits right now. That only means it took this long to break in.
I notice the climb less. The road is no shorter.
Good. It will all be spent before the season turns.
My wounds close faster. The ones that mattered never closed at all.
Nothing out there has improved. Only me, and only a little.
I expect nothing from this. It will be tested by nightfall.

@ trigger=level_up archetype=scholar
Curious. The same blow, the same arm, and the bone gives where it did not before.
I want to know where the change happens. Sinew, or nerve, or something with no name.
My breath comes back sooner after a long exchange than it used to.
I have been keeping account of what my body can do. The account needs rewriting.
There is a mechanism under this and nobody will explain it to me plainly.
The grip holds through the full swing now. I would like to know which part of me learned that.

@ trigger=level_up archetype=boastful
Look at this arm. This is what the world gets for testing me.
I make it look easy because it is easy, and because I enjoy watching myself do it.
They will speak of how I carry myself before they speak of anything I did.
Notice how the blade sits in the hand now. That is not luck. That is me.
Let them come in greater numbers. I have room for more of them.
I have outgrown my own reputation again. Someone should go and correct it.

@ trigger=level_up archetype=wry
My knees have stopped filing complaints. Small mercies.
Something got easier, which I assume means something worse is nearby.
Apparently all that bleeding was educational.
I lifted the pack without swearing. I hardly know myself.
Well. Slightly less of a liability today.
The straps sit differently. That is the whole of my news.

@ trigger=level_up archetype=haunted
My hands are steady now. They were not steady when it mattered.
This would have been enough, once. It came in the wrong order.
I could carry someone out of there now. There is no one left in there.
I am becoming what I needed to be, years after the need.
I am stronger than I was. It changes nothing that already happened.
The strength arrived. It does not know what it was meant for.

@ trigger=level_up archetype=savage
There is more room in me for this than there was. Bring something that fills it.
My arms are not tired yet. That is the only thing wrong with today.
I can feel where the next one breaks before I have touched him.
Whatever they send, send it closer. I have appetite left over.
Something in me is hungrier and better fed at once.
The swing comes back faster now. I hated the waiting between them.

@ trigger=level_up archetype=sinister
I am worth more than I was this morning, and nobody has noticed. Good.
Let them keep the measure they took of me. It is out of date.
Strength is most useful while it is still underestimated.
I will not show the whole of it. A portion is enough to be obeyed.
A door in the world has quietly unlocked for me.
I keep a careful account of what I can do to people now.
Patience did this, and patience will decide where it gets spent.
