@ trigger=level_up archetype=devout
The one who taught me the prayers called me adequate. I would like her to try that word on me now.
My teacher's teacher wrote the words I said this morning. My hand is closer to hers than it was.
There are novices who ask me things now. I remember being the one asking.
I knelt beside better servants than myself once. Fewer of them are better today.
The priest who turned me back at the door would not turn me back now.
I was the slowest in that hall. Whoever is slowest there this year, I hope someone is patient with them.

@ trigger=level_up archetype=grim
The men who used to send me ahead would think twice about it now.
Better than me have gone into the ground, and I am still here getting harder.
My sergeant gave me one season. He has been wrong a long while.
The ones who outranked me are mostly gone. That is not promotion, it is attrition.
Someone who could do this better than me is dead, so it falls to me and gets done worse.
I am harder than the man who trained me. He would not call that good news.

@ trigger=level_up archetype=scholar
My instructor's notes had a gap where this belongs. I have filled it and she never did.
I can follow the argument that defeated me when I arrived. The text has not changed.
There was always a student a lesson ahead of me. I would like to know where he stands now.
My master said this could not be learned from books. He was mostly right, which is the interesting part.
The ones who used to correct my work now wait to hear what I make of theirs.
I have passed the man who taught me in this one narrow thing. He taught me nine others.

@ trigger=level_up archetype=boastful
My rival is out there somewhere, and he is having a worse morning than I am.
The masters who would not take me as a student should hear what I can do today.
Ask the one who trained me who his best pupil was. He will say my name or he will lie.
There were men ahead of me on every list, and I have been passing them quietly, which is not my usual way.
Somebody once told me I would end up hauling crates. I hope he is hauling crates.
My brother was always the promising one. Promise is cheap standing next to this.
No one in this room knows what they are standing beside. I will be happy to tell them.

@ trigger=level_up archetype=wry
My old instructor rated me poorly. I have since risen to middling disappointment.
The man who said I would never amount to anything was never specific about a deadline.
My sister will ask how I am getting on. I will tell her: slightly.
I am better than I was last spring, which puts me level with the people I met last spring.
Some rival of mine is improving at the same pace. We are both remarkable and nobody has noticed.
The one who trained me would say I am coming along. He said that when I could barely stand up straight.

@ trigger=level_up archetype=haunted
He was better at this than I will ever be, and I am getting closer to him, and I hate the measure.
She would have done this years before I managed it.
Someone used to be a stride ahead of me in everything. I am walking that stretch alone now.
I am stronger than the man who carried me out of there. He is not here to be stronger than.
If she saw me now she would not be surprised. She always said I would get here.
The ones I started out with are gone, so I improve against nobody.
I used to measure myself against him. Now I measure myself against what he expected of me.

@ trigger=level_up archetype=savage
The ones who used to knock me down are welcome to come and try it again.
My old pack leader could put me on my back. I want a second opinion on that now.
Whoever is strongest here has not noticed he has company.
I have chewed through everyone rougher than me. Bring me a stranger.
The one who trained me hit harder than this. Not by much, and not for much longer.
There is always a bigger one somewhere. He is getting smaller.

@ trigger=level_up archetype=sinister
Those who give me orders will go on giving them. I permit it, for now.
My rival still thinks of me as I was, and that is worth more to me than the strength is.
The one who taught me kept something back. I have found it without him.
There are people ranked above me who should count their friends tonight.
Nobody in this room has revised their estimate of me. Good.
My old master took my measure once and never took it again. He is working from something stale.
