@ trigger=level_up archetype=devout
The morning prayers used to leave my knees stiff. I stood up from them today without thinking about it.
My mail sits differently across the shoulders now, and I have not touched a single strap.
I carried the water up from the well and did not set it down halfway.
The old break in my wrist has stopped speaking to me in the cold.
I woke before the light and found myself rested. That has not happened in some while.
My hands were steady through the whole of the blessing, all of it.

@ trigger=level_up archetype=grim
Pack feels lighter. Nothing has been taken out of it.
I had my breath back before the blood dried. Not how it used to go.
The buckle sits tighter across my chest. Something has filled out under it.
Grip held to the end. Usually it goes before the fight does.
That slope up from the road did not cost me anything today.
Less sleep than I am used to, and I still woke clear.

@ trigger=level_up archetype=scholar
My grip outlasted the exchange today, which it has never done before. Worth noting.
Same road, same load, less breath spent. Something has shifted in me.
I have loosened this strap more than once since spring. Today it wanted loosening again.
The tremor in my drawing hand is gone. I have been watching for that.
I slept less and woke with a clearer head. Those two rarely travel together.
The blade weighs what it always weighed. My arm disagrees.

@ trigger=level_up archetype=boastful
Look at this strap. It no longer reaches the hole it used to, and that is all muscle.
I ran the whole of that hill and I am barely breathing. Anyone on the road saw it.
This axe used to have some weight to it. Now I must remember to swing it hard.
My grip held to the last blow of that fight. The very last one.
The pauldrons sit high on me now. They used to slump like a farmhand's.
This was not this arm last season. Anyone with eyes could tell you.

@ trigger=level_up archetype=wry
My pack has stopped being heavy. I suspect foul play.
I reached the top of that hill and forgot to complain.
The strap wanted loosening again. Terrible problem to have.
Sword feels light today. Either it shrank or I did not.
Woke up rested. Deeply suspicious.
My hands are still steady and the fight is already over. Novel.

@ trigger=level_up archetype=haunted
The old break in my ribs did not ache when I stood. It has ached every morning for years.
I slept the night through. My body does not seem to need as much of it now.
This buckle was set by hands that are gone. It does not sit where they set it anymore.
My breath came back quickly. It used to take longer than I had.
The weight on my shoulders is the same weight. I notice it less.
My hands did not shake at the end. They have shaken at the end for a long while.

@ trigger=level_up archetype=savage
Blood is still up and my breath is already back. Good.
Grip did not fail me. The last blow landed as hard as the first.
The straps are cutting into me. Something under them has grown.
I want to run that hill again. My legs have more in them than that.
This hammer has gone light in my hands. Find me something heavier to break.
Ran the whole ridge and my chest is quiet. Quiet chest, hungry hands.
The old wound in my thigh kept its silence all day. Nothing slowing me.

@ trigger=level_up archetype=sinister
The strap sits a hole tighter. No one needs to see me adjust it.
My hands stayed steady through the length of it. Steady hands are best kept quiet about.
Breath back sooner than before. Useful, knowing what I can spend now.
The blade has gone light in my hand. I will keep swinging it as though it were heavy.
That climb cost me nothing today. I let it look as though it did.
Less sleep, clearer waking. More hours in the dark to put to use.
An old ache has left my shoulder. One fewer place anyone can press.
