@ trigger=quest_accept archetype=devout
I will do it, but I will not raise my hand against anyone who is only frightened.
Agreed. If there are children in that place, the work stops and I come back for better instructions.
I will take no coin for this. The Light knows I have been paid already, and paid well.
Say a blessing over me or do not, but I am going either way.
I will bury whatever I have to kill. That is not open to argument, and it will make me late.
Consider %quest promised. I only ask that nobody tells me afterward that it was necessary.

@ trigger=quest_accept archetype=grim
I will go. I am not promising to come back, and I would rather nobody waited up.
Fine. Understand that when this is finished it will not look like a victory.
I will need the road described, because I do not intend to cross that ground twice.
Agreed, on the understanding that half of what I was told is wrong.
I will do the work. Do not ask me to do it quietly as well.
Yes. Ask me again in a week and the answer might be different.

@ trigger=quest_accept archetype=scholar
Agreed, though I want the number again. First it was nine, then it was a dozen.
I accept, provided I may keep one of them intact for study.
Tell me the way twice. I would rather be tedious now than guess later.
I will take %quest on, but I am writing down what was claimed, in case it differs.
Yes, with one condition. No one hurries me while I am still measuring.
I will do it, and I will be doing a second thing at the same time.
Done, assuming the thing has not moved since anyone last looked. Things do move.

@ trigger=quest_accept archetype=boastful
Consider it done, and consider bringing witnesses. I do not perform twice.
I accept on one condition: when it is finished, the telling of it must be accurate.
I will do the work for nothing. The story afterward is payment enough.
%quest is mine now. Anyone who wants a share of it can arrive early and ask nicely.
I need no directions. Point me toward the general misery and stand well back.
Agreed, though this is beneath me. I will pretend otherwise for the crowd.

@ trigger=quest_accept archetype=wry
Yes, fine. I want it recorded that I asked what could go wrong and received no answer.
I will do it, since apparently nobody else was available, or foolish enough.
Agreed. I am already regretting the agreeing, so that part is out of the way.
Certainly. My afternoon was crowded with nothing in particular.
I will handle %quest. My terms are modest: a road, some daylight, and low expectations.
Glad to help, provided nobody watches me do the first ten minutes of it badly.

@ trigger=quest_accept archetype=haunted
I will go. I made this same promise once, to someone not here to see me keep it.
Yes. Do not thank me, that is all I ask.
I will do it on one condition. Nobody says her name while I am working.
I want no payment. I am settling something, and the debt is not owed to anyone here.
I will take the errand. If it goes the way the last one went, I will not be coming back through.
Fine. Only tell me now if there are graves involved, so I can prepare for it.

@ trigger=quest_accept archetype=savage
I will go if it fights back. If it does not, find someone gentler.
Agreed. How many are there, and do they carry anything worth breaking?
Yes. I do not care about the reason, only the direction.
I will run your errand, but I am keeping the teeth.
Say yes on my behalf. I am busy deciding which one to reach first.
%quest sounds like a fight with errands wrapped around it. I accept the fight.

@ trigger=quest_accept archetype=sinister
Agreed. I want it understood that I was asked, and that I remember being asked.
I will do this favour. Favours are not gifts, and I collect at a time of my choosing.
Yes. Let no price be named now, and I will name one later.
I accept. I will do it my way, and it is better that the details go unheard.
Consider the matter handled. Consider the debt noted, quietly, and for a long while.
I will do the version of this that works, not the version that was described to me.
Done. When someone asks who arranged it, no one will quite be able to remember.
