@ trigger=quest_complete archetype=devout
The prayer at the start was the easy part. The walking was all the rest of it.
I did it the way it ought to be done, with no one there to see. That is the only test that counts.
Nothing here has changed. I never expected the work to show.
My hands have stopped shaking. You set a burden down and it stays down, for a little while.
The errand is finished, and the road was longer than the deed.
This will want doing again when the season turns. I will be fit to walk it again.
I lost my beads somewhere back along the trail. The words stayed with me regardless.

@ trigger=quest_complete archetype=grim
Done. The walking nearly finished me. The thing at the end took no time at all.
I came back and this place is exactly as I left it. That is what I expected.
%quest is finished. Come the thaw, somebody will be doing it over.
I will not say what was down there. It is done and it can stay unsaid.
Something of mine stayed behind out there. I am not going back to look for it.
I want the next one now, while my nerve still holds.

@ trigger=quest_complete archetype=scholar
Finished. I note the difficulty lay entirely in the distance and not in the doing.
%quest is complete, and the interesting part was something I found on the way that had no bearing on it.
I timed the return. Half a day of walking for nine minutes of work.
The site has changed past what my notes describe. I will have to set them down again from scratch.
I did the work correctly with nobody to check it. Correctness is not a matter of witnesses.
I lost a page of notes somewhere in the doing. What remains will have to argue for itself.
Enough for today. I would rather sit down than begin another.

@ trigger=quest_complete archetype=boastful
Finished, and finished properly, and not a soul present to see how properly.
The deed took a moment. The march took three days, and nobody sings about the march.
%quest, complete. There are parts of it I keep to myself, and those were the best parts.
I came back expecting to find the place transformed. It looks the same, which is thin reward for such a walk.
Another, at once. Greatness does not sit down between labours.
I will admit the doing was clumsy. I will also point out that it is done.

@ trigger=quest_complete archetype=wry
The hard part turned out to be the boots.
I have put it down. Finest thing that has happened to me all day.
%quest is settled. Nothing here noticed.
I did that badly from beginning to end and it is still done.
Back again, and the place has gone and rearranged itself. Very considerate.
Somewhere between here and there I lost a glove. Small price, I suppose.

@ trigger=quest_complete archetype=haunted
It is done. I walked most of the day and thought about things I do not name.
I came back and nothing here had changed. I had half hoped something would.
Finished. There is a part of it I will not put into words, not tonight.
Put down at last. My hands are empty and I do not care for that either.
I found something out there that belonged to nobody. I am keeping it.
Another one soon, please, before the quiet comes back.

@ trigger=quest_complete archetype=savage
Done, and the walking took more out of me than the killing did. What a waste of a day.
Over too quickly. My blood is still up and there is nothing left to swing at.
The next one. Now, while I am still warm.
It is finished and I am not sorry how. Ugly work is work.
%quest is done and my arms ache in the good way. Set it down, breathe, go again.
Broke the haft halfway through and finished with what was left of it. Finished is finished.

@ trigger=quest_complete archetype=sinister
Complete. The distance was the only real obstacle, and distance yields to patience.
It is finished. What it asked of me stays with me.
I returned to find the place altered further than I had allowed for. I will adjust my accounting.
Done correctly and unobserved, which is how I prefer a thing done.
No more today. A blade always drawn tells everyone where it is.
This will need doing again within the season. I intend to be the one who does it.
