@ trigger=quest_complete archetype=devout
She asked me to do it for coin. I did it for the vow I made before she asked.
The woman who begged this of me would not meet my eyes after. I did not need her eyes.
No one thanked me and the morning came anyway. That is thanks enough.
He told me it was a small thing. He believed it, and I will not correct a man who sleeps better ignorant.
An old man carried water for me the whole way and asked nothing. Pray for him, whoever he was.
They wish my name kept out of it. My name was never the point.

@ trigger=quest_complete archetype=grim
He left out the part with the bodies. They always leave out that part.
The one who asked me is going to be disappointed. It is done, but nobody comes home glad.
Someone stood in the doorway and told me not to. I should have listened to her, and I would do it again.
%quest, he called it, like it was errands. He had never once been down there.
He did not lie to me. He simply did not know, and now he never has to.
A stranger held the lantern and walked off before I could learn his name. Best that way.
They will thank the wrong man for this by winter. Let them.

@ trigger=quest_complete archetype=scholar
I asked her three times what it involved. She answered three different ways, and all three were short.
The one who wanted this cannot have understood the scale of it, and I have no wish to explain.
Curious, that the man who gains the most from this never spoke to me once.
A girl told me where to look and refused payment. I wrote down her description, since I never got her name.
They have asked me to set it down under another hand. A false attribution, willingly given.
I met the woman it was all for. Perfectly ordinary. I confess I expected otherwise.

@ trigger=quest_complete archetype=boastful
Done, and the man who asked shook my hand as though I had fetched his boots.
%quest is finished and the crowd that ought to be here is elsewhere. I shall have to tell it myself.
They asked me to keep this quiet. Me. Quiet.
Six people swore it could not be done and one of them was paying me.
The lad who came along will be telling this story for years. He may even mention me.
She wept on my shoulder and called me by three names, none of them mine.
The name on every tongue tonight ought to be mine, and I mean to see to that myself.

@ trigger=quest_complete archetype=wry
He asked me for a favour. Favour is a generous word for what that was.
Finished, and the man who wanted it has thanked me at such length I nearly went back out.
Nobody wanted this done but one man, and he has since forgotten asking.
She said it would take an afternoon. She was right, in the sense that afternoons exist.
I am to say a friend of his did it. His friend is welcome to it.
A man tried very hard to stop me. He was not good at it, but he was sincere.

@ trigger=quest_complete archetype=haunted
Someone asked this of me. I did it for a woman long dead who will never know.
A boy thanked me with both his hands and I could not look at him.
I did it because she would have done it. She never asked me for anything.
The one who asked reminded me of somebody. That was all it took.
They want no mention of my part in it. Good. There is a name I would keep out of the telling anyway.
Nobody is waiting to hear that I finished. I have grown used to the quiet of that.

@ trigger=quest_complete archetype=savage
He asked for a job done and I gave him a slaughter. He can decide which he wanted.
Whoever wanted this will be pleased. I was already pleased, for my own reasons.
Someone put himself between me and the work. He is no longer between anything.
The man who sent me said there would be two. There were nine, and I will thank him for that.
They will hand the credit to some captain. Let him carry it, I got the fighting.
One of them begged me to stop. Not the one who hired me. Too late for either.

@ trigger=quest_complete archetype=sinister
The debt is settled, and the man who owed it never knew he was in it.
He understated the work. I have noted the difference, and he will hear the figure.
Whoever asked wanted it done and not seen. One of those costs a great deal more.
She helped and would take nothing for it. I dislike a debt I cannot repay.
It will be credited to another man, who now owes me something he cannot name.
I met the one it was all for at last. Nothing about him explained the price.
